This huge PR adds proper SEO to all articles in the docs for better search engine indexing (#162)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/python/examples/tools/golem-wallet-backup.md

---
title: Golem Wallet Backup Instructions 

> description: Step-by-step guide to securely back up your Golem wallet, ensuring the safety and accessibility of your GLM/ETH tokens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Step-by-step instructions on how to securely back up your Golem wallet, ensuring the safety and accessibility of your GLM/ETH tokens. 
```

> pageTitle: Secure Your Golem Cryptocurrency - Wallet Backup Guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pageTitle: Secure Your Golem Cryptocurrency - Wallet Backup Instructions
```
